log_analytics_workspace: support for the `daily_quota_gb` property (#8861)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/log_analytics_workspace.html.markdown

* `retention_in_days` - The workspace data retention in days.

> * `daily_quota_gb` - The workspace of the volume cap in gb.  Defaults to -1 (unlimited).

Reviewer: Can we adjust the statement a bit? And no need to mention the default value for data source.

```suggestion
* `daily_quota_gb` - The workspace daily quota for ingestion in GB.
```
